Now let's go ahead and create our last frame.
So our last frame is going to be where he's free falling.
So let's have a look at the diagram.
It's going to be this one right here.
So it's going to be very similar to the last frame we created.
He's just going to be a little bit lower.
His arms are going to come up a little bit.
His head will tilt back just the slightest bit and his loin cloth is going to sort of raise up because
of wind resistance.
So let's go ahead and let's do that.
So first what we're going to do is we're going to delete this copy then we're going to select our whole
character then using the move tool.
We'll go ahead and bring him down with the arrow keys.
Now like I said he's just going to barely come down.
You'll hardly even notice it in animation.
It will just give him more of a floating look while he's up in the air next.
Let's go ahead and animate that loin cloth.
So we're going to come into the loincloth folder.
Then let's go ahead and merge our two loincloth layers together.
So now those are one.
Then we can use the Transform Tool and Right-Click then come down to warp and we'll go ahead and warp
that.
So it's kind of flaring up.
Not enough that you can see any of his you know what but enough that you can tell there's wind resistance.
Great.
Enter next what we want to do is we want to animate those arms.
So go ahead and close out the loincloth folder come down to the back arm and the spear then we're going
to use the Transform Tool to raise the arm up just a tiny bit like so I enter.
And now let's do the same for the other arm.
So cut that out.
We'll transform it rotate reposition it enter and using a brush tool.
Just go ahead and paint in that empty space.
Lastly let's go ahead and rotate his head back just a little bit more.
So we'll select the feather and the mask fold or use the Transform Tool bring the pivot point down to
his neck.
And just rotate it just a tiny bit.
Now his head is coming off of his neck.
So we'll go ahead and move that down with the arrow keys.
Great.
You just finished the fourth frame of your character's jump cycle.
So let's go ahead and select all of our folder's
merge then then we'll select their background and we can go ahead and drag those into our Spryte sheet.
Position them and just go ahead and delete that background.
And don't forget to label your frame.
Then before we finish up the sprite sheet for the jump cycle we want to go ahead and save this freemount
and we'll call it frame for.
Now let's come back to our first frame because we need to read.
Select this and drop it into our spreadsheet so we'll grab it and drop it into the spreadsheet like
so position it.
Don't forget to delete the background layer.
And so now those are the same pose but they need to be there because when the animation runs through
it we want them to crouch.
We want them to push off.
Now we want them to be airborne and we want them to freefall then we want him to land and when he lands
we want him to crouch a little bit because that's how people naturally land their knees bend to help
absorb some of the energy.
Great.
Now you've created two different animation cycles.
You should be pretty proud of yourself.
Now in the next lecture we're going to go ahead and create our mockup of our animation to see how our
jump cycle looks in action.